## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

I set up git and GitHub quite a while ago, but I do remember that I had trouble installing git. At that time I'm fairly certain that I had trouble getting the PATH setup correctly for git. While I was troubleshooting it I ended up getting a better understanding of the .bash_profile, as I had to figure out how to configure the PATH to point to the proper place. 

Overall Github was much less painful to setup, though pulling a repository down based on the GirlDevelopIt slides proved troublesome. Those slides did not have you create a README.md file when generating the new project, so when going to execute "git pull origin master" it had the error "fatal: Couldn't find remote ref master". After a bit of testing and researching I determined that there needed to be an initial file in the project for you to be able to intiate a pull request. This is easily accomplished by using GitHub to create the project and checking the create README.md file prior to submitting your pull request. Alternatively you can create and initialize a local git project directory, add and commit a file, and then push that directory to GitHub.

Git is a method of version control, while GitHub is a repository where you can remotely store your version controlled files. Let me break that down into easier to digest pieces, by explaining what git does. Do you remember those days in school or at work when you were working on a project, be it a paper, code, powerpoint, etc, and you came to a decision where you wanted to try something different? I'm sure we all do and how did we deal with it at that time? Frequently you ended up duplicating the original file and using a naming convention such as mydoc_rev1a.doc. From there you would work on that project and then come to another branching decision and repeat the aforementioned process. This is a very primitive version of version control, but it has quite a few flaws. It's not that easy to remember why you made the new file unless you took very good notes, which makes it difficult if not impossible to backtrack if needed later down the line. One solution to this is to use git, which handles the version naming of your files as well as keeps track of what changes you made from revision to revision. 